README.md, before:

# Web knihovny Gymnázia Jaroslava Vrchlického

## TODO:
	- KUBA
		- create html skelet + css

	- MAREK
		- create communication between frontend and backend using POST
	
	- GENERAL
		- finish alpha version
		- check security (.htaccess, etc...)

## Architecture
```
- gymkt_library
	- database
	- Design		// kuba working folder
	- web			// all the source code that will be on the web server
		- index.php	// home page of knihovna
```

## How to set up server
1. Install apache/httpd - komunikace s TCP socketem a spuštění php init scriptu
	- `# dnf install httpd`
	- `# systemctl enable httpd.service`
	- `# sestemctl start httpd.service`
	- disable firewall for this server (only if you wanna access it remotely)
	- try to connect to localhost:80
2. Install MariaDB (Mysql alternative) - program pro práci s databází
	- `# dnf install mariadb-server`
	- `# systemctl enable mariadb`
	- `# systemctl start mariadb`
	- `# mysql_secure_installation`
3. Install PHP
	- `# dnf install php php-common`
	- `# dnf install php-mysqlnd php-pdo php-gd php-mbstring`

	- `# systemctl restart httpd`
	- test php
		- create php test script "info.php" in /var/www/html
		- try to connect to localhost/info.php

Commit message:

Basic html forms
Doesnt work but progress has been made.

README.md, after:

# Web knihovny Gymnázia Jaroslava Vrchlického

## TODO:
	- KUBA
		- create html skelet + css

	- MAREK
	    - repair that classes require shit fest maybe use static class
		- create communication between frontend and backend using POST
		- validate user input - book search

	- GENERAL
		- finish alpha version
		- add meta files
		- add the robot.txt and other similar files
		- web page icon
		- make url nicer user wont know which folder is he in 
		- check security (.htaccess, etc...)

## Architecture
```
- gymkt_library
	- database
	- Design		// kuba working folder
	- web			// all the source code that will be on the web server
        - page_viewer    // folder with php scripts
        - css
        - view          // folder with all html
		- index.php	    // home page of knihovna
```

## How to set up server
1. Install apache/httpd - komunikace s TCP socketem a spuštění php init scriptu
	- `# dnf install httpd`
	- `# systemctl enable httpd.service`
	- `# sestemctl start httpd.service`
	- disable firewall for this server (only if you wanna access it remotely)
	- try to connect to localhost:80
2. Install MariaDB (Mysql alternative) - program pro práci s databází
	- `# dnf install mariadb-server`
	- `# systemctl enable mariadb`
	- `# systemctl start mariadb`
	- `# mysql_secure_installation`
3. Install PHP
	- `# dnf install php php-common`
	- `# dnf install php-mysqlnd php-pdo php-gd php-mbstring`

	- `# systemctl restart httpd`
	- test php
		- create php test script "info.php" in /var/www/html
		- try to connect to localhost/info.php
